[Filebeat][S3 Input] Add support for FIPS endpoints (#21585)
elastic/beats: x-pack/filebeat/docs/inputs/input-aws-s3.asciidoc

URL of the AWS SQS queue that messages will be received from. Required.

[float]
==== `fips_enabled`

> When enabled this option changes the servicename from s3 to s3-fips for connecting to the correct s3 endpoint

Reviewer: Could you add the full ``
```suggestion
Enabling this option changes the service name from `s3` to `s3-fips` for connecting to the correct service endpoint: `s3-fips.us-gov-east-1.amazonaws.com`.
```
